README.md, before:

# Dahab-InforMatics
    Welcome ❤️

# Main UI Site
https://egy-x.org/

# Core Site
https://egxx.org/

# Hosing 
https://elhussein.000webhostapp.com/



# Our progress
    -Choose UI/UX Design  
    -Edit Navbar [Home-about-Services-ContactUs-JoinUS]
    -Add Logo for Website
    -Finish Edit Navbar,Footer
    -Finish Contact Us Page
    -Finish Join Us Page 
    -Add New logo for website
    -Fix issue in Header/ Footer
    -Publish Website 👍



# After Publish Changes:
    1-add info Email in footer
    2-Remove form navbar mobile version 2 social media icon
    3-Create a Bundle Email for website

    4.change About Page icon in File,Host
    5-Change About Page Header in File,Host
    6-Fix Contact ,Join us addition character in the end in Host
    7-Make a logo Reference To Home Page in Host
    8- add alt in photo for Logo ,our Technologies image in Host
    9-Finished Creating Email for Dahab Website

# Next progress in website

    ~~Edit About Page Header~~
    -Change photos in Main Header page 
    -change photos in Slider 
    -Try make restricted extension   in CV in Join Us 
    -Add hover Action for Each Tab
    -Apply New Email in Site
    -Improve Seo in Site
    -Bundle CSS,JS Files 

    --What for SEO:
    -Alt in Every Img
    -Remove inline css
    -Try To Add Google Analytic
    -Try To Social Media API
    


# on Progress
    -Edit on Original Website 
    -Stock WebApp 
    -Financial Web App
    -Start up Android App
    -Hr Website

# BackLog
    -Create Android App for AHI Website
    -Stock WebApp 
    -Financial Web App
    



# What Next!

    -Build E-learning Application
    -Build POS Application

Commit message:

Edit in Head/Footer ,add on Readme

README.md, after:

# Dahab-InforMatics
    Welcome ❤️

# Main UI Site
https://egy-x.org/

# Core Site
https://egxx.org/

# Hosing 
https://elhussein.000webhostapp.com/



# Our progress
    -Choose UI/UX Design  
    -Edit Navbar [Home-about-Services-ContactUs-JoinUS]
    -Add Logo for Website
    -Finish Edit Navbar,Footer
    -Finish Contact Us Page
    -Finish Join Us Page 
    -Add New logo for website
    -Fix issue in Header/ Footer
    -Publish Website 👍



# After Publish Changes:
    1-add info Email in footer
    2-Remove form navbar mobile version 2 social media icon
    3-Create a Bundle Email for website

    4.change About Page icon 
    5-Change About Page Header 
    6-Fix Contact ,Join us addition character in the end in Host
    7-Make a logo Reference To Home Page in ||(Header-page)  Host
    8- add alt in photo for Logo ,our Technologies image in ||(Home-Page) Host
    9-Finished Creating Email for Dahab Website
    10-Add Social Media link in Mobile Header ,Footer

# Next progress in website

    ~~Edit About Page Header~~
    -Change photos in Main Header page 
    -change photos in Slider 
    -Try make restricted extension   in CV in Join Us 
    -Add hover Action for Each Tab
    -Apply New Email in Site
    -Improve Seo in Site
    -Bundle CSS,JS Files 

    --What for SEO:
    -Alt in Every Img
    -Remove inline css
    -Try To Add Google Analytic
    -Try To Social Media API
    


# on Progress
    -Edit on Original Website 
    -Stock WebApp 
    -Financial Web App
    -Start up Android App
    -Hr Website

# BackLog
    -Create Android App for AHI Website
    -Stock WebApp 
    -Financial Web App
    



# What Next!

    -Build E-learning Application
    -Build POS Application
